[slider][base] Improve logic for displaying value label (#35479)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/data/base/components/slider/slider.md

{{"demo": "RangeSlider.js"}}

### Value label

> The value label can be rendered over the thumb by using the optional `slots` prop with the `valueLabel` slot. The value label can either be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value label can be rendered around the thumb by using the optional `slots` prop with the `valueLabel` slot. There are typically two use-cases of when the value label is shown:
```

over => round Why? Because MUI Base should not have an opinion how something is rendered

> - Always shown by providing the `slots.valueLabel`.
> - Show only when it's hovered over the thumb (using CSS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- always 
- only when hovering over the thumb - using CSS
```

We already mentioned anove that people need to use the `valueLabel` slot :) Additionally, even if you are using CSS in the second step, the slot still needs to be passed

> The following demo shows how to render the value label when the mouse is hovered on the thumb:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following demo shows how to render the value label when the mouse is hovering over the thumb:
```
